---
layout: default
title : The three musketeers of MalaySia(Cheap trips)
name : The three musketeers of MalaySia(Cheap trips)
description: 
---

**                 Bunty/Baldy/Laddu  The organizer of the trip (From Bangalore)
	                 Nikhil/Telu/Barkya  Second in command (From Pune)
	                 Naresh/Blacky/ReddyBarrolla  backword Rookie (From Hyderabad)
**
This time (or the first time), the musketeers had chosen MalaySia as the destination for their adventure. Why MalaySia? As Sia says `cheap thrills` I'll say because of cheap trips. Among the option we had, MalaySia was the cheapest and had very easy visa process. Other options were Thailand and Vietnam which has cumbersome visa process and ticket is also costly. Though they are musketeers they have to account for all these things.

But wait... I was not the part of the plan yet. Stupid Baldy had already made the plan and decided who will go (not me). One fine evening, I called him asking about his prolonged plan of going abroad, He said very enthusiastically that he is already executing the plan and going to MalaySia...and asked me if I can join (finally Yay). But nothing was ready at my end. I had to apply for leaves that too for one whole week whereas they had already had their leaves approved. Again, though they are musketeers they have to account for all these things.

The other two musketeers had already gotten approval for one week. So, the first thing I did was ask my colleagues is it possible to get straight one week leave? After their positive response, I approached my manager when she was about to leave for home. She said "we'll see tomorrow". I had made a note that I should ask/remind her this first thing in the morning. The next day she called in sick. But I couldn't wait because flight(Modern flying cart) prices might go up(old days were best, same price till the end sometimes we used to get in free because of our popularity. Now, there are no horses attached to the cart and still they say it runs on horsepower..hmm maybe thestrals then). By the afternoon, flight  prices had gone up by 1k...My god flying cart these days are looting people. Again, I asked my colleagues what to do. It was a simple phone call and I had permission to go on holidays for one week..9 days if you count another weekend. Phew.

As one of our musketeers privileges, I got some offer while booking travel tickets, so the 1k price hike was covered. but why book tickets if you don't have visa you'll say. MalaySia tourist visa is given only if you show them proof of flight booking and accommodation. We had planned to visit 4 cities (5 actually one got scraped because of time constraints) spending 2 days each, doing adventure, do what we always do and last day for shopping :D. We had booked airbnb apartment, hostel cum resort and hotel for different cities so as to experience every mode of accommodation. Applying for visa was very easy, but the reading all the online reviews saying it will get rejected if photo is not recent and other things, got us old time fellas scared. The website will tell if the uploaded picture is meeting the requirements or not and reject it then and there if it does not meet the requirements. Laddu had uploaded his passport photo taken 5 (decades) years ago which was accepted so you can imagine. Visa cost was only 1500 INR (we had to pay in dollars so around 20$). Me and Baldy had spent around 2 hours for uploading and editing my visa application and ReddyBarrolla who didn't have any information about the visa process did it in 15 minutes and the receipt was generated. This receipt is called eNTRI note has to be shown to the immigration officer.

Next up was shopping for the trip. I had bought new clothes and other essentials(sword sharping stone) for the trip. The modern flying cart company AirAsia does not provide check-in baggage with ticket, only cabin baggage(they said you can't carry sword with you). Also, it doesn't provide any free meal or snacks on-board. We had to buy it as add-ons. With all this, we were good to go. I had to travel from Pune to Chennai and meet with the other two. They were also traveling from their respective cities to Chennai. Our flight was at 8:00 am in the morning. I reached Chennai at 2:30 am in the morning and slept on airport until these guys came. Around 5:30 everyone met. We had to adjust our baggage since we had bought 20 kg check-in baggage. Then we flew... Oh forgot to mention...We were fighting (Me and Baldy) about who'll sit in window seat (In the old flying carts there was no window concept, everything was open, from all side fresh air would come, but in this flying cart everything is packed and we had to tie rope around our waist..didn't make sense... first thing it is packed then who will fly out of it?). Officially I had window but this Baldy announced whoever grabs it first it's his. Fortune was with me through security and ticket checking and I got window seat also. But I had to go to washroom and that time Baldy captured it. Then I complained to air-hostess about it, she simply said "Flight is going to take off, Please sit here, you can fight later :C"
Everybody was mostly asleep in the flight.

After 4 hours we arrived at Kuala Lumpur International airport. The airport is very big and there is mall in it. The first thing you should buy in MalaySia is Sim card (This new technology is quite intriguing, you can talk to anyone, anywhere, anytime through a small mechanical box). We bought one from the store just outside the exit. The sales girl there was very rude. We asked her to call on our number to verify if it's working, She said if mobile data is working then calls will also work and shooed us from the store but before that she told us one very important thing. ReddyBarrolla and Laddu joined mess in one of the Subway store and I just ate in KFC. I thought I will eat outside, no need to join mess for so few days. In MalaySia 2 cab services work..Grab and MyCar. Grab is a little costly while MyCar is pretty cheap almost half the price. The rude lady from Sim card store had told us about this. Airport is pretty far from the city, around 60 km. The drivers were pretty polite and doesn't talk to you, interrogate you much. The roads are very well maintained and toll stations are unmanned. But the toll cost, passengers have to pay in case of cabs.

We reached our destination in around one hour. It was called "Regalia Suites". It is around 40 stories, triangle shaped building with swimming pool on the top.
Many Indians work in this country at many places. I got to know that there are Indians in the Malaysian ministry. Our apartment was on 9th floor and had all the basic things, beds for 3 people, kitchen, WiFi etc. It was already evening by the time we got ready to explore. First thing we saw was that amazing rooftop swimming pool. The view of the city from the 37th floor is breathtaking. People were also enjoying in the swimming pool with music and drinks. People from many countries visit MalaySia for tourism. We didn't stay at swimming pool for long and went out to explore. 

Next we went to Petronas tower. It is a twin tower and very famous landmark in MalaySia. It has two identical building connected by a sky bridge. It has shopping complex on first five floors. Some of its top floors were illuminated by lights. Baldy had seen whole building illuminated by lights in pictures so he wanted to see it like that in real life also. We took some pictures there and went ahead to see water show behind the twin towers. The water show was amazing, different colored water sprinkled in the lake at different time and shape mesmerizing the viewers. Baldy was commenting that he has seen better water show in his hometown. But we knew that he has water shortage in his town. It was a little late by the time show ended.

Since there was no branch of Laddu's mess in here, we went on food  hunting expenditure. Almost all the shops were closed. Laddu and ReddyBarrolla were very happy to find his favorite hotel there : Sarvana Bhavan. I also didn't have any choice because all the shops were closed. We ate chapati bhaji and came down to find our cab back home. The cab fare were Petronas high maybe because of late night or maybe because that tourist spot. We decided to walk for some time and then take the cab. One thing we got to know here is that "Water is not free and restaurants don't serve water with food." So we had bought half liter water from the shop which was finished immediately. So we were walking on the roads looking for cheaper options of travel. After one or so kilometer we came across a very big place where lot of crowd was there. We went and checked it out, it was a big restaurant. It was very lively and noisy. 

Before going ahead I should tell you about ReddyBarrolla's addiction/habit. After every meal he'll need tea/coffee. So this was his chance to subdue his craving. Anyway we wanted to drink water also. So we sat down at empty table. Things were cheaper here than Laddu's favorite restaurant. We wanted very badly and we were looking around us people drinking water in big glass. We checked the menu and saw water is paid dish but it was way cheaper than the bottled water we just had drank.
There were two choices normal water and ice cube water. Not too hard choice if you have been ordering normal water your whole life. So we went by our life long experience and ordered 3 normal water glasses. ReddyBarrolla found the tea price high so tea was canceled. Our dish came immediately since it didn't need any preparation. They were 3 big glasses of water filled till brim. We were blessing the owners for providing so cheap water. As soon as my lips touched the water, I remembered the mail sent by our home-stay host, "Tap water in MalaySia is not drinkable, Please boil the water before drinking". This restaurant had boiled the water but not cooled it. Now, we knew why all the people around us had ice cubes in their water. We drank that hot water somehow and left to find our traveling option.

We had already walked about 1km before our drinking break and there were many options now to go back. The most promising option was of monorail. It was cheap and fast. We went to the nearest station and from the automatic ticket vending machine outside we bought the tickets or tokens. We had to show the token to another machine which would grant us access to train platform. When we were trying to do that, one of the two policeman asked us where we are headed because the last train had already departed. Stunned by this realization we were thinking what should we do next, just then the other policeman contradicted the first one and said maybe it had not departed yet. So we went through the automatic security machine which scanned our tokens and granted us the free passage. We then did what we should have done earlier, that was checked google maps for train timing. We realized that the first policeman was correct and there was no other train.  So, to get out of the station we had to feed our ticket/tokens to the machine guarding the platforms. After coming down from station, Baldy gave away his frustration by abusing the other policeman (obviously he couldn't hear). Then we gave off money saving way of travel which had cost us more money that direct cab from twin towers and booked a cab.
In next 10 minutes we were in our beds planning for another day of adventure.  
